Is this the legendary Supreme Black Card?
Wait a minute, I'll give you permission to insert the card.
That waiter did this to you just now.
Then you're not angry at all?
I was once held by a loyal friend
Miss
Hidden identity and married Ye Haochen to find out
Yeah, sure.
Miss
We will not establish such personnel in the future.
You look like a lot of married people
Just get used to it.
Start with knowledge
Everyone laughed at him for being a piece of crap
poor acid
Even the person he worked the most for betrayed him
He must be sad.
I can't get it out, you two liars.
Pretend to be a black card with a fake card
Believe it or not, I'll call the police and arrest you
You see clearly
The responsibility that can only be opened if the daily flow exceeds 100 million
I don't care what card
It's all fake.
You two poor ghosts, hurry up and leave me
Don't delay our business.
You can't afford to go bankrupt
A mere antique shop
It's also worthy of making my hands go bankrupt
What do you mean?
Who is so unqualified?
Noisy, Miss Ma
How do you
These two poor acids
You still have no money to come in and fish in our muddy waters